docs: optimism updates and version update (#1566)
celestiaorg/docs: developers/optimism.md

This setup will use `celestia-node` with
a DA server on port 26658.

For the `P2P_NETWORK` variable, you'll need to supply the network of choice, either
`celestia`, `mocha`, or `arabica`. Using `celestia`, the volume path will be just
`.celestia-light` instead of `.celestia-light-<network>`. You will also need
to provide a `--core.ip <RPC_URL>` for the network you are using.

<!-- markdownlint-disable MD013 -->

::: code-group

```yaml-vue [Mainnet Beta]
da:
  image: ghcr.io/rollkit/local-celestia-devnet:v0.13.1 // [!code --]
  image: ghcr.io/celestiaorg/celestia-node:v0.13.2 // [!code ++]
  command: celestia light start --p2p.network celestia --core.ip rpc.celestia.pops.one --gateway// [!code ++]
  ports:
    - "26658:26658"
    - "26659:26659" // [!code ++]
  volumes: // [!code ++]
    - $HOME/.celestia-light/:/home/celestia/.celestia-light/ // [!code ++]
  environment: // [!code ++]
    NODE_TYPE: "light" // [!code ++]
    P2P_NETWORK: "celestia" // [!code ++]
  user: root // [!code ++]
  healthcheck:
    test: ["CMD", "curl", "-f", "http://localhost:26659/header/1"]
    interval: 10s
    timeout: 5s
    retries: 5
    start_period: 30s
```

```yaml-vue [Mocha testnet]
da:

>   image: ghcr.io/rollkit/local-celestia-devnet:v0.13.1 // [!code --]
>   image: ghcr.io/celestiaorg/celestia-node:v0.13.2 // [!code ++]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  image: ghcr.io/celestiaorg/celestia-node:v0.13.2 // [!code ++]
```

Author: https://github.com/celestiaorg/docs/pull/1566/commits/b8681cd21f15cdb2ab311ac42ffe98de91bf05ff

    txdata txData,
    queue *txmgr.Queue[txData],
    receiptsCh chan txmgr.TxReceipt[txData],
) {
    // ...
}
```

In `calldata_source.go`,
[the `DataFromEVMTransactions` function defines the read path](https://github.com/celestiaorg/optimism/blob/release-v1.1.0/op-node/rollup/derive/calldata_source.go#L102-L139)
of the Ethereum fallback. This function filters all of the transactions
and returns the calldata from transactions that are sent to the batch
inbox address from the batch sender address.

If the calldata matches the version prefix `0xce`, it is decoded as a
blob identifier, the original calldata is retrieved from Celestia
and returned for derivation. If the calldata does not match the prefix,
the entire calldata is returned for derivation.

```go
func DataFromEVMTransactions(
    config *rollup.Config,
    batcherAddr common.Address,
    txs types.Transactions,
    log log.Logger
) ([]eth.Data, error) {
    // ...
}
```

These two functions work together to ensure that the Ethereum
fallback mechanism operates correctly, allowing the rollup
to continue functioning even during periods of downtime on
Celestia.

### Testing the fallback

> Testing out the Ethereum fallback mechanism can be done
> with the `go-da` tool. Triggering a simultaneous blob transaction will

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Testing out the Ethereum fallback mechanism can be done
with the a curl command. Triggering a simultaneous blob transaction will
```

Author: https://github.com/celestiaorg/docs/pull/1566/commits/b8681cd21f15cdb2ab311ac42ffe98de91bf05ff

## Find the data on Celestia

<!-- markdownlint-disable MD013 -->

```bash

> curl -s -X POST -H "Content-Type: application/json" -H "Authorization: Bearer $CELESTIA_NODE_AUTH_TOKEN" -d '{ "id": 1, "jsonrpc": "2.0", "method": "da.Get", "params": [["3wAAAAAAAABmGvJUORYLqY8wVdjgp6/0oSh6brQqG3ZGr/cfUMuElg=="], "AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAECAwQFBgcICRA="]}' http://127.0.0.1:26658

Author: this doesn't work for me and i'll need to revisit tomorrow

Reviewer: Hmm, what is the output?

### Testing the fallback

Testing out the Ethereum fallback mechanism can be done
with the `go-da` tool. Triggering a simultaneous blob transaction will
cause the `op-batcher` blob transaction to fail, with an `incorrect account
sequence` error, which triggers a fallback to Ethereum.

<!-- markdownlint-disable MD013 -->

```bash

> curl -s -X POST -H "Content-Type: application/json" -H "Authorization: Bearer $CELESTIA_NODE_AUTH_TOKEN" -d '{ "id": 1, "jsonrpc": "2.0", "method": "da.Submit", "params": [["SGVsbG8gd28ybGQh"], -1, "AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAECAwQFBgcICRA="]}' http://127.0.0.1:26658

Author: same for this
